TODO.md, before:

# TODO List

(branch: refactor/cafe-model)

-[x] Edit script.js so that if the location clicked on from google autocomplete is not within london then an error message pops up and the later stuff is not loaded

-[x] Rewrite how the address is formatted in script.js (maybe take formatted address and cut off at 'London')

-[x] Use jinja in our js script to perform a for loop over our cafe data (strings need to be within strings e.g. "{cafe.name}"; add something to settings.json to get rid of red underlines)

-[x] In the location page centre the map on the specific borough

-[x] Added a favicon.ico (the icon in the browser tab)

-[x] Pass place_id to show_cafe to properly obtain cafe_info

-[] Get more accurate coordinates for boroughs so they are centred better on the location page

-[x] Fix issue of buttons in under-review page [used :has(.highlight) in the css]

-[x] Finish the under-review form/page

-[x] Create a file to store slugged names and their corresponding original names (as slug inverse doesnt seem to always be accurate)

-[] Link the criteria on the cafe page to the db; go through the page and put in the required data-content, progress-bar and span values

-[x] Use datetime to format opening hours and store this as a json in the db

-[] Create a function to catch when a cafe is already in the db

Commit message:

On cafe page: make 'like' buttons function, create calculate_score function

TODO.md, after:

# TODO List

-[x] Edit script.js so that if the location clicked on from google autocomplete is not within london then an error message pops up and the later stuff is not loaded

-[x] Rewrite how the address is formatted in script.js (maybe take formatted address and cut off at 'London')

-[x] Use jinja in our js script to perform a for loop over our cafe data (strings need to be within strings e.g. "{cafe.name}"; add something to settings.json to get rid of red underlines)

-[x] In the location page centre the map on the specific borough

-[x] Added a favicon.ico (the icon in the browser tab)

-[x] Pass place_id to show_cafe to properly obtain cafe_info

-[] Get more accurate coordinates for boroughs so they are centred better on the location page

-[x] Fix issue of buttons in under-review page [used :has(.highlight) in the css]

-[x] Finish the under-review form/page

-[x] Create a file to store slugged names and their corresponding original names (as slug inverse doesnt seem to always be accurate)

-[x] Link the criteria on the cafe page to the db; go through the page and put in the required data-content, progress-bar and span values

-[x] Use datetime to format opening hours and store this as a json in the db

-[] Create a function to catch when a cafe is already in the db

-[x] Turn the criterion in the db into one JSON

-[x] Autofill the cafe-edit page with the current criteria data

-[x] Make the current day bold in the opening hours in the cafe page

-[x] Make the 'i_like_it' functionality work on the cafe page [KEY: when updating a JSON column need to make sure it is a dict]

-[x] Use a formula to calculate the cafe score [See txt file for break down]

-[] Report closed page

-[] Add score to cafes on location page

-[] Make the search filter work on the location page

-[] Make the API restful
